hello everyone
welcome to our dorm room
[Music]
karen mccarthy cockatoos and flamingos
to name a few
the fine feathers because pose patiently
for photographers
pirates and a cause and cockatoos
respond
to gentle training and soon discover the
head-turning rewards of applause
i'm going to start out by showing you
the bathroom over here we live in the
lofts
on southern virginia university campus
and each of the loft
dorm rooms has their own bathroom which
is so nice i am so glad
that i do not have to share a communal
bathroom
no shower shoes yep this is our bathroom
we got some lemon-scented poo-pourri
nevermind
all of our loofahs and like scrub
brushes here
shower it's a pretty good shower what do
you guys think a lot of pressures
some people have like a cart that goes
right here and they have like all their
products so we could do that but we have
not done that yet
and i just hung up my jewelry holder i
had this in my room all my necklaces i
like take them off and put them in my
drawer
so there are a lot on here right now
this came with
the warm so you guys will have those
ones and those ones
we got two rugs one coming out of the
shower and then one in front of here and
we just got those from target
because it gets disgusting i'll let
izzy go over her closet but this right
here is our kitchen section these
don't come with the dorm rooms just know
there's one for the floor
but it is disgusting bring your own
background
this one lindsey brought lindsay also
brought this toaster which we use
very often that's yes toast and bagels
and everything
we have our paper towels the word
paper ashley brought a ninja bullet
and i brought a magic bullet izzy
brought a
popcorn maker right here we keep all of
our kitchen stuff and food so each of us
has our own section
starting up here because he uses her own
closet
we just keep all like the big stuff up
here yeah so i just keep all like the
dry products up there and just utensils
and then we each have our own mini
fridge so
we keep everything else in there
there's the cheese and then fine i just
have this little bin
that i got from home goods anyway to be
able to open our school
signed like this long document that said
all the things they're gonna do
to like help protect us from coven and
one of them was to put air
purifiers like in every single room of
the campus so every dorm room has like
one of these air purifiers
nor the trash or the trash and then
right across from this
we just keep these little hooks and
they're really handy to keep masks and
keys on
dishwashing station it's kind of odd to
have a random sink here but we use it
all the time
and we keep our cleaning products and
stuff underneath it each of us brought
like our own
i feel like we just use each other's but
that's what's hung up right there
yeah all right i'm going to pass the
baton
izzy
[Laughter]
hey girls see walking and izzy's
wardrobe is the first thing on the left
so
i got this little thingy thing that
holds stuff and then all my shoes
and i got my clothes and i got more
clothes and we're not going to open this
side because that's all my food and i
eat a lot of junk food
that's my band this is from walmart
one thing that i should mention there
aren't enough wall desks
for each person staying in a four
bedroom dorm room
so it comes with this like extra one
just know that this is like
not bolted to the wall you can move it
around and it looks a little different
oh this is from hobby lobby
and then there's my desk my mirror it
was diy from tick tock i'm very talented
and
[Laughter]
[Music]
and then my mini fridge and then that
and that's all y'all can see because i'm
dirty
nice this is my desk
and then my wardrobe is to the right of
it i just have this mirror from target
some books jewelry holder got my bananas
a picture of my family and then i got
this lamp from amazon
on the more pricey side but i would
highly recommend it you can twist it all
around and stuff and then
the lighting is pretty good and then i
have a little fan for when i get a
little too spicy
i just have this picture that someone
gifted to me i can't remember where
i got the inspiration for this but i saw
it somewhere like on pinterest and so
it's just like a bunch of
movie posters and tv shows and then i
got this from
home goods and then this is a little
christmas statue and we have like all of
our masks up here
hair and makeup stuff school stuff
school stuff with my backpack this is my
bed
bedding is from home goods i got it for
like 15 bucks all the pillows are from
home goods this was gifted to me
probably from like
sam's club i'm guessing sweats and a
bunch of exercise stuff
and my jeans are in there i just have
all the hanging stuff in here
i have my drying rack from walmart
highly recommend
and then this is just a bunch of random
messy stuff we got the medicine cabinet
laundry over here i have my laundry bags
amazon five bucks each shoe stand target
then mini fridge
and then i keep like a little snack bin
under here of all my little goodies
lindsay and i both have the same
lizzie and i will have the same rolling
cart
it's from ikea and it was like 15 i just
have like my scripture study stuff
my journal and then all my like body
sprays up here on my wall
i have just a bunch of pictures that i
printed off from shutterfly this
is actually riley's she let me use it
though because i don't have like any
decorations so this lamp i got from
amazon there's like a little peg right
here that i just clipped it on highly
recommend that from amazon just amazon
and walmart
are the go-to places that's my section
first and foremost
[Laughter]
my wheat fins are from amazon six boxes
for 12 i think it was even cheaper than
that
i recommended cracked pepper and olive
oil yes yes
okay nope
and then here's my stool vintage walmart
so i can get on my bed with ease i have
the same cart as ashley
i just keep all the books i have my
journal
this lamp and then this is from tarjay
target from ikea amazon
and that's from target too i took some
of those pictures i found my fridge
uh-huh this is from
this is from amazon it's dirty so you
know don't look too closely this is from
apple i got a little fan when it gets
hot you know
huh it's not that powerful there's the
decorations the bins are from target
this is from world market and then i put
pictures here you know to get a little
spice little something something is
my laundry bin it has wheels so i can
like you know i've got my bins
and pillows are up here and my gary
detto's and a blanket
of course i have my tennis racket my
drying rack
my camera and oh the essential a hammock
if you guys come to southern virginia
university make sure you bring a hammock
hammocks are essential unless you're
like me and you just use somebody else
oh i've got these insta crates watch so
they pulled up real nice and then you go
[Music]
damn
we carry groceries in them real nice and
then
go right back there okay besides all
that now here's riley's section
starting with my bed spread which i
labored for so long
trying to figure out where to find a
plain white duvet cover
it's from ikea it's the duvalla i really
like the temperature of the
duvet insert that i got i have three
different pillows
i like how it makes the these pillows
come forward more so it makes the bed
look
cuter my pillows are from home goods
home goods
walmart next thing i have are my fairy
lights and i am obsessed with how
this turned out i got the idea from i
can't remember her name but i'll put it
on the screen
i wasn't even planning to do this but i
brought some vines from my house
and it ended up filling the space really
well and i really love the way it turned
out with the lights too
i'll have everything linked down below
if you guys want to check any of this
stuff out i finally hung up
my 100 000 subscriber flag
your face
so i had this in a box with ashley just
cracking up
i had this in a box for like months and
months
i was waiting to hang it up and i love
the way that it like looks with the
vines around it too
so this is a star constellations poster
that i got off of redbubble
someone on youtube made a like room
makeover video and i saw
this and thought it would work perfectly
these dorms used to have like
cork boards and so i was planning to put
it on there if our rooms
ended up having them but they took them
down thankfully i'm so glad
also i don't have a stool and i'm just
as short as lindsay so i usually have to
get like a running start
jump up here like you can get a running
start for me it's like if you are going
to loft your bed i would recommend
buying like a long extension cord i have
like half of an
extension cord popping up here so i can
charge my phone and like put it under my
pillows when i go to sleep i'm charging
my air pods right now it's kind of
annoying to have here
and it doesn't like stay up well then on
top of here i usually just keep my
computer with my stickers if you want
some stickers customized to your college
check out called sticker hut
that's where i got them she did an
awesome job and then i also keep my
journal
and my lights remote i don't actually
use this
because these give off enough light to
do like what i need to do at nighttime
if you've watched any of like my plan
with me for my dorm room you'll
recognize
the frames and the pictures i just
printed some off from pinterest and got
the frames
from a thrift store so starting out with
my first drawer
i just have my journals money my hard
drives
for the second drawer i keep all my
shirts in here and then the third drawer
i keep all my pants pajamas workout
clothes join me under my bed
right beside my dresser right here i've
got my lights
for filming and then also my tripod
these are from walmart
i ended up using way less kitchen
supplies than i thought i would
this other stuff is just like more light
and camera setup stuff and then
some sfx makeup stuff so the charging
situation down here is a little odd
i would recommend seeing your charging
situation and then
buying them based off of how it is for
your specific dorm room
the next thing under here is my fridge
and then i have my blanket honestly i
usually keep it on my bed but i didn't
want to do that because it looked bad
i use this for school all day long i
just hook it
on little knob on the bed the next thing
is this window
and we have a nice view the other side
has a view of like
the mountain the mouth side it's like
the side of a mountain and i'm so
excited for it to be like
fall and then all the colors of the
trees will be changing the next thing
is this little section over here i have
polaroid pictures
on the wall once we take some polaroid
pictures for college i'll definitely add
them to the size
this is the ikea mirror next is my
closet
i had a strict plan for this and it
worked out
so well you guys i'm so happy with it so
starting up here i have
four ikea bins they fit perfectly
lindsay also let me use her
little label maker and so i labeled all
of these the next thing is
my shoe section i really needed a place
to pull like all my random stuff
and so i ended up putting a bunch of
bigger items in this
and then i have like my college books
and i just keep those above there and
then i have all my shoes and then
more shoes that i don't wear as often in
this section
opening up to my closet i have all of my
stuff hung up here and then underneath i
have my
basket that's right underneath this
section of clothes which is perfect
and then i also have like detergent to
help me do my laundry i got this
from target i think inside of this i
just keep
my underwear tank tops bras socks go in
this one
and then i keep my jeans and like cool
pants in this section
this is my rain jacket i needed that a
lot this week
and then on this side i have two of my
goals i'm working towards my next
youtube goal that i'm going for is 200
000 subscribers and then also
ten thousand instagram followers so
that's here just to remind me
when i'm getting dressed i can move
these and kind of dial in my focus this
is my
suitcase that i keep up there then i
also have my boxes from like
all the apple stuff all right my desk
area was like the main
thing that i worked on when i was trying
to plan out my room it just came
together
so well guys these are all pictures i
got off of pinterest and then all the
frames i got from the thrift store
and spray painted these i got this from
tj maxx
these are from walmart my sister got
them for me more pictures from pinterest
frames are from the thrift store some
plants polaroid camera in my room at my
house i put my camera on this
to help like stand it up i have three
candles in my room but we're not allowed
to light them so i just keep them on
here another thing i'll do to film
is set this candle on my alexa
i'm having trouble connecting to the
internet and then i'll set my camera on
that so that's kind of like
nice to have this stuff here when i need
to do that these are some glasses that i
got from teigen eyewear
don't you dare give up i've had that on
my wall since i can remember and i love
that quote and i just thought that whole
clipboard look just looked really cute
here's another plant that is also dying
i need to water it
aiden got me this basket this plant i
got from
target this is the bottle of like a bath
and body works thing
that i keep all my hair ties on and then
i have this
right here you know what it is i'm not
gonna say it but then i have this like
multi-port
charger from ikea and then my computer
charger and i'll bring my computer over
here to work
my ipad that my lovely school got for us
here is the pink himalayan salt lamp
that i got from tj maxx i love this
if you watched my last video you know
how great of a vibe you get from just
turning this on at night i also have
another
plant i got this little jewelry box
thing that i just want to keep there
from another like thrift store and i
have this mirror i highly recommend this
mirror from ikea
it's awesome you can do your hair and
makeup and then my mask whenever i come
into my room i usually will hang my mask
right there
this is my makeup getting ready drawer
my brushes makeup
bigger products like lotion this is like
my earrings
i've been taking off my necklaces and
just putting them in here next is my
hair
section i keep my like blow dryers and
curling tools and
nail stuff and this is the best dry
shampoo ever
this is my miscellaneous crazy drawer
needs to be organized what i have down
here is
so much gum to um 24 7. thank you sean
for all of this i appreciate it very
much i think that's it
guys yeah
all right thank you guys so much for
watching this video i hope you enjoyed
this dorm tour thanks for showing off
your
success i hope you guys got like a good
view and this was like
educational helpful if you're gonna live
here because there aren't a lot of
videos for
southern virginia like showing the dorms
and giving good information
so i hope this helped if you want any
other information about specific things
that i have
in my room then you can watch my dorm
haul that has a lot of
extra info you guys are like planning on
living in the lofts we have like um like
a common area and stuff so
if you're scared about like the dorm
experience don't be scared because
it's great and you meet a lot of people
like as soon as you get here
even with covet and everything we like
we have like all the protocols we wear
masks i mean socially distance but we've
still like been able to meet a bunch of
people it's been really nice yeah oh
another thing that i just remembered
is the laundry room situation i didn't
have any information going into
coming here what that was like so you
pretty much just have to bring your own
detergent
and drying sheets and then it's free to
wash your clothes
just bring your own stuff there's one on
our floor which is the second floor
and then there's two of each on the
third floor
you got a bracelet yeah you gotta like
if you're an incoming freshman or
transfer student or just have any
questions in general
just ask them down below and i will make
sure to answer those thank you guys so
much for watching we hope you enjoyed
hanging out with us and click the little
bell
so thanks so much for watching guys we
love you and we will see you in next
week's
[Music]
[Applause]
on the videos
[Music]